Please click on the button called outputs here in step 4 and we will see exactly what we types earlier
and how it comes through here.
OK.
So I showed you how to make these images in the previous lecture but what you do now is you select which
management team members you want to appear on your final output for your business plan in order.
And so based on the names that you entered in earlier you can select them here and if you selected what
their title was their title will appear there as well.
I'll give you an example.
So for these people here all fictional.
I've got their title and their name.
If you did not have their titles in their name will show up only and vice versa as well so if you find
that this stuff is blank just go back to the previous step please steps in the course and complete the
appropriate data.
And if you're not sure where a data item might be then you can always click on here and find the appropriate
item so for sample day this is the sample that I put in.
So for example if I go to Sable first born advisor's bio I think this guy's name was Gates Bill
C. Gates William sort.
Yes.
And that's what that person looks like.
Please don't sue me Bill Gates.
Anyway let's go back here to it to management I think you get the idea but just select and whatever
you select here will automatically populate whatever bio you created there.
So for example if I were to go here.
Well it's sort of but if I were to go here and then click on Ryan not Reynolds then right here you'll
see that Ryan Reynolds bio and this is just dummy data.
It would appear there.
Tony shark go back here.
And then by the same token you do the same thing as well here.
So just select your employee and then whatever you select will automatically update the bio here if
it exists.
Otherwise it won't you'll have to go and actually update yourself and get great.
So just go down through the rest of this output document here and then select all the names in the order
you want them to appear and then you can go back and copy and paste the images here if you want to spell
out your call.
And you'll see why all this stuff well we'll make a lot of sense when we put together a final output
and or presentation slides as well.
If you want to do that and that that's obviously that's that's optional.
And here is Scarlett Johansson who's worked at the following companies.
And then here I have just other employees and this is all just dummy data based on who I picked.
Right.
So if I were to select this person completely random but it will say the employee number here and that's
all just dummy data.
OK.
And then what happens is after you're done with your employees.
Right.
And I include up to 10 employees here and obviously you know have to include all of them.
You get down to the board advisors section and you don't have to selecting and here that pulls it off
automatically.
OK.
So here is your first born advisor if you entered them your second board advisor and your third board
advisor.
Let's say you're not sure where to get the third board advisors data from what you and I know that if
we go back here we can enter in information about our third board vizor and come sharper here.
BLITZER You're not sure where it's from.
You can if you want.
You can copy this hit escape to get out of that cell.
Get out of it and you can paste it here.
Hit enter and it will take you back to the third board adviser's name right here.
So if I were to type in this sample and or name three then that will appear automatically over on on
this tab for our management output section or part of our business plan right here see sample adviser.
So I made a typo there and stuff but it's fine.
But I think you get the idea in here that the buyer will appear as well.
And this is just dummy data.
Here it comes over automatically and you can copy and paste the images which I explained in the previous
lecture and bring Laura here if you want and this will be really powerful later when we create our final
outputs can look awesome.
You'll love it.
Let's say you don't have border advisers in your business.
You don't want them.
So I wanted to customize this for everybody in the world.
So if you click here what that will do is turn off that page turn off turn on little button.
I had fun with that.
OK.
And then down here for the outsource part I wrote these we just are just pulled automatically.
That's my first outsource partner second third and fourth I used army days that's all the same person's
name.
And if you entered and these fields will automatically populated but let's say you don't want to have
outsourced partners or list them.
You don't to listen your business plans click that.
And that will turn it off.
And then here if you wrote something about employee recruiting strategy it'll show up here or this will
be the message if you didn't.
Interesting in.
Same thing with employee is incentivized action sort of word incentivising up here as well.
Yetta's otherwise spellcheck would have said no and then just additional information here.
If you want to get a higher level look at any particular section that has multiple parts you can always
click this.
It'll take a second it's kind of data intensive and then it'll update and give it a second here.
OK good.
And it looks like this.
Right so here we go from a high level perspective.
You can open this up if you want the menu to appear again or you have just a little sub menu there.
And then we've got the four sections here within this section here of the dashboard.
And this will all update as well.
Now one thing I want to mention is if you use this feature and you close these these these boxes here
and open them up whatever.
I just want you to know that what happens is the images might not be be hidden.
And the reason that happens if you care I'm not sure if you do if you don't just skip the rest of this
Lesher please but it's because when you put in images in general if you need to right click on them
if you want to do this at all completely random are optional.
But if you right click on it.
And then here you select Format pictures and then properties you can say move in size it with cells
if you wants.
OK.
And this stuff doesn't really matter here but it'll move them if and when you get the idea.
So let's go back now to our management outputs.
And I think we have everything answered here which is great and this will come in very handy when we
create her final document over here which is the management section there's a lot still to cover.
And again we can just get rid of the sections here boarded by outsource partners.
If these are not helpful to list in our in our business plan so if you have any questions please let
me know.
Otherwise I will see you in step five we're making great progress here.
Thanks.